Welcome back the student.
So in this lecture we are going to be initialising ph before so we are going to be creating the foundation
for initialising them.
So now this can be set up in many different ways.
And I have been in other courses from me you see me changing it from course to course right.
I changed the file structure just to show you different ways of doing it for my students or I I just
wanted to show you that it could be done in different ways and you're welcome to do it your way.
And on this course I'm going to do it a little bit different from my other courses.
Right.
So instead of putting the functions up BHB right here in the root directory we can just go ahead and
create a folder and we can call it functions.
All right just to keep things a little bit more organized.
Right.
And inside this year then we can start creating our BHB files.
I'm going to create the first file is going to be in it.
That XP.
And this is the father is going to have everything.
There's going to be including in the header right to initialize everything in our application.
Another file that we are going to be creating here is functions that BHB is going to be our regular
functions and it's going to open it with a Ph.D. tackier I think I did that for in it.
No I did not.
We're going to open it up.
There we go.
What else.
Then we need maybe Ajax functions.
All right so let's create that real quick.
You file Ageod's on the core functions that BHP.
All right I think we're going to be using a little bit of Ajax in this course.
All right.
So we've got three files here.
Anything in it.
All right.
We are going to write in the bottom here we're going to include
functions.
All right.
So these include functions that should be
all right.
Another thing that we want to do here would be to include our database connection so let's make a file
for that.
Well the BHB.
All right just to make it simple right.
I need will write above.
We are including as well in heads up here.
All right.
And then we also want to this Ajax function we'll leave it like that for now.
So that's it for now.
And the reason why I'm leaving this slide is actually in my file I just put it up here.
That's fine.
In this in it that BHB we can set up constants for our path.
We can do a lot of things in this in it because this would be the file that will be included in every
other page out there.
And right now let's actually set it up.
So let's go to includes an in the header right here let's include it.
All right.
Say include them and you can do require required wants whatever you want.
And we'll do in it.
Actually it is in a folder called functions
and is in a file going it up actually.
All right.
And let's test it real quick.
Let's go to it and it's just echo something here.
Echo.
It works.
Let's see we don't get any problems right.
Yes.
With fresh loops to do all you know what you need on line 3
Sorry guys.
Init
actually I'm sorry guys i didn't get right here.
We already have in it is functions.
And then our database I don't know why in the world I was thinking maybe there we go whoops.
So if you get an error like that you know what it is now.
Right
refresh.
And now he says it works right here.
All right.
And of course we got to open our BHB tax right here.
I was probably doing it in my head and not on the text editor.
But anyway thank you so much for watching ON THE NEXT lecture we're going to start working with a database.
All right.
Take care and I'll see you then.